left. left.
left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left.
left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. Left
noodle. left. left. left. left. left.
left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. left. Left
noodle. left. left. left.
left. left. left.
left. left. Left
Did he work in Dayong compound for eight months?
I also made the kid stay in the hospital for a month.
Oops, I have an old man's bow
Then it's you who will fight today
It doesn't matter, it's so simple
Mom, I burned it for you
I was completely lost by you
What you created is done for you.